MAINT: Update ``CONTRIBUTING.md`` inspired by dMRIPrep's (#1853)
poldracklab/fmriprep: CONTRIBUTING.md

   automatic fashion.
1. **"Glass box"** philosophy - Automation should not mean that one should not
   visually inspect the results or understand the methods.
   Thus, *fMRIPrep* provides visual reports for each subject, detailing the
   accuracy of the most important processing steps.
   This, combined with the documentation, can help researchers to understand
   the process and decide which subjects should be kept for the group level
   analysis.

These principles distill some design and organizational foundations:

  1. The tool only and fully supports BIDS and BIDS-Derivatives for the input and output data.
  1. The tool is packaged as a fully-compliant [BIDS-App][link_bidsapps], not just in its user
     interface, but also in the continuous integration, testing and delivery.
  1. The tool is rigorously restricted to functional MRI preprocessing, including (but not limited to):
     input/output metadata assessment, head-motion correction, susceptibility-distortion correction,
     co-registration with anatomical data, spatial normalization to neuroimaging templates, 
     noise components and other confounds extraction, etc.

>      In other words, the tool does not deal with time filtering, smoothing, modeling,

Reviewer: However, the ICA-AROMA outputs are smoothed (at least currently). Should there be an asterisk here for that detail?

Author: Sure! Please send your suggestion via PR to my branch :)

These labels help triage and set priorities to the development tasks.
For instance, one bug regression that has been reported to affect most of the users after
a release with an easy fix because it is a known old problem that came back.
Such an issue will typically be assigned the following labels ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/bug) ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/impact%3A%20high) ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/effort%3A%20low), and its priority will be maximal since addressing low-effort high-impact deliver the maximum turnout without increasing the churn by much.

Of course, the implementation of long-term goaled lines may include the scheduling of ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/impact%3A%20medium) ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/effort%3A%20high).

> Finally, ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/impact%3A%20low) ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/effort%3A%20high) issues are less likely to be addressed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Of note, issues with the labels:
 ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/impact%3A%20low) or ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/effort%3A%20high)
are less likely to be addressed because they are less likely to impact the code-base, or because they will require a very high activation energy to do so.
```

On GitHub, You'll use [Markdown][markdown] to chat in issues and pull requests.
You can think of Markdown as a few little symbols around your text that will allow GitHub
to render the text with a little bit of formatting.
For example, you could write words as bold (`**bold**`), or in italics (`*italics*`),
or as a [link][rick_roll] (`[link](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)`) to another webpage.

GitHub has a really helpful page for getting started with
[writing and formatting Markdown on GitHub][writing_formatting_github].

## Understanding issues

Every project on GitHub uses [issues][link_issues] slightly differently.

The following outlines how the *fMRIPrep* developers think about these tools.

* **Issues** are individual pieces of work that need to be completed to move the project forward.
A general guideline: if you find yourself tempted to write a great big issue that

> is difficult to be described as one unit of work, please consider splitting it into two or more issues.

Reviewer 3: This change feels weird.

```suggestion
is difficult to describe as one unit of work, please consider splitting it into two or more issues.
```

  This is now your own unique copy of *fMRIPrep*.
  Changes here won't effect anyone else's work, so it's a safe space to explore edits to the code!
  
1. **[Clone][link_clone] your forked fMRIPrep repository to your machine/computer.**<br />
  While you can edit files [directly on github][link_githubedit], sometimes the changes
  you want to make will be complex and you will want to use a [text editor][link_texteditor]
  that you have installed on your local machine/computer.
  (One great text editor is [vscode][link_vscode]).<br />  
  In order to work on the code locally, you must clone your forked repository.<br />  
  To keep up with changes in the fMRIPrep repository,
  add the ["upstream" fMRIPrep repository as a remote][link_addremote]
  to your locally cloned repository.  
    ```Shell
    git remote add upstream https://github.com/poldracklab/fmriprep.git
    ```
    Make sure to [keep your fork up to date][link_updateupstreamwiki] with the upstream repository.<br />  
    For example, to update your master branch on your local cloned repository:  
      ```Shell
      git fetch upstream
      git checkout master
      git merge upstream/master

>       ```

Reviewer 3: Indentation keeps increasing...

Author: Yup, this is to make sure all these steps are rendered under item 1.

1. **Create a [new branch][link_branches] to develop and maintain the proposed code changes.**<br />
  For example:
    ```Shell
    git fetch upstream  # Always start with an updated upstream
    git checkout -b fix/bug-1222 upstream/master
    ```
    Please consider using appropriate branch names as those listed below, and mind that some of them
    are special (e.g., `doc/` and `docs/`):
      * `fix/<some-identifier>`: for bugfixes
      * `enh/<feature-name>`: for new features
      * `doc/<some-identifier>`: for documentation improvements.
        You should name all your documentation branches with the prefix `doc/` or `docs/`

>         as that will preempt triggering the full battery of continuous integration tests.

Reviewer 3: Again.

Author: Yup, I made sure this was correctly rendered.

   Pull request titles should begin with a descriptive prefix
   (for example, `ENH: Support for SB-reference in multi-band datasets`):  
     * `ENH`: enhancements or new features ([example][enh_ex])
     * `FIX`: bug fixes ([example][fix_ex])
     * `TST`: new or updated tests ([example][tst_ex])
     * `DOC`: new or updated documentation ([example][doc_ex])
     * `STY`: style changes ([example][sty_ex])
     * `REF`: refactoring existing code ([example][ref_ex])
     * `CI`: updates to continous integration infrastructure ([example][ci_ex])
     * `MAINT`: general maintenance ([example][maint_ex])
     * For works-in-progress, add the `WIP` tag in addition to the descriptive prefix.
       Pull-requests tagged with `WIP:` will not be merged until the tag is removed.

1. **Have your PR reviewed by the developers team, and update your changes accordingly in your branch.**<br />
   The reviewers will take special care in assisting you address their comments, as well as dealing with conflicts
   and other tricky situations that could emerge from distributed development.
   And if you don't make the requested changes, we might ask

>    [@bedevere-bot](https://github.com/search?q=commenter%3Abedevere-bot+soft+cushions) 

Reviewer 3: AFAICT this bot links to a Youtube video that a lot of people can't see due to copyright restrictions. I'm not sure it's worth the joke.

Author: I'm fine either way. Without the video we might just remove the joke. I added it because to signify that fMRIPrep is done in Python (and hence the Monty Python theme).

Author: Any more voices? If none, I'll remove the joke :+1:

Reviewer 2: I can't see it :( I like the joke, but +1 on removing just for those of us who would miss the video !

Reviewer 3: I'm actually curious who can see it... Maybe just Brits.

   to [poke you with soft cushions!](https://youtu.be/XnS49c9KZw8?t=1m7s)

## fMRIPrep coding style guide

Whenever possible, instances of Nipype `Node`s and `Workflow`s should use the same names
as the variables they are assigned to.
This makes it easier to relate the content of the working directory to the code
that generated it when debugging.

Workflow variables should end in `_wf` to indicate that they refer to Workflows
and not Nodes.

> For instance, a workflow whose base-name is `myworkflow` might be defined as

Reviewer 3: This doesn't feel more meaningful than "basename". You could add a space if it's important to you, but a hyphen is strange.

```suggestion
For instance, a workflow whose basename is `myworkflow` might be defined as
```

| ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/effort%3A%20high) <br> ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/effort%3A%20medium) <br> ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/effort%3A%20low)    | Estimation of effort required to implement the requested feature or fix the reported bug. |

One way to understand these labels is to consider how they would apply to an imaginary issue.
For example, if -- after a release -- a bug is identified that re-introduces a previously solved issue
(i.e., its regresses the code outputs to some undesired behavior), we might assign it the following labels:
![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/bug)
![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/impact%3A%20high)
![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/effort%3A%20low).
Its development priority would then be "high", since it is a low-effort, high-impact change.

Long-term goals may be labelled as a combination of:

> ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/effort%3A%20high) and  ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/impact%3A%20medium) or ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/impact%3A%high)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/effort%3A%20high) and  ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/impact%3A%20medium) or ![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/poldracklab/fmriprep/impact%3A%20high)
```

### Developers

Developers are members of a wonderful team _driving the project_.
Names and contacts of all developers are included in the
[``.maint/developers.json`` file](https://github.com/poldracklab/fmriprep/blob/master/.maint/developers.json)
Examples of steering activities that _drive the project_ are: actively participating in the
follow-up meetings, leading documentation sprints, helping in the design of the tool and definition of the roadmap,
providing resources (in the broad sense, including funding), code-review, etc.

### Contributors

Contributors enlisted in the
[``.maint/contributors.json`` file](https://github.com/poldracklab/fmriprep/blob/master/.maint/contributors.json)
actively help or have previously helped the project in a broad sense: writing code, writing documentation,
benchmarking modules of the tool, proposing new features, helping improve the scientific
rigor of implementations, giving out support on the different communication
channels ([mattermost][link_mattermost], [NeuroStars][link_neurostars], [GitHub issues][link_issues], etc.).
If you are new to the project, don't forget to add your name and affiliation to the list
of contributors there!

> Our Welcome Bot will send and automated message reminding this to first-time contributors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our Welcome Bot will send an automated message reminding this to first-time contributors.
```
